to know Real Talk I've just
watched the newest episode a
wicked tuna now it is time for
wicked tuna Real Talk
weekly web show were some
Gloucester's best blue fin tuna
captains join me to discuss
the latest episode my name is
Mike salt I'll be your host once
again
in the hot seat this week we've
got captain Dave Herrera fishing
vessel tonight dot com captain
TJ
on a Hot Tuna captain Paul Ebert
up the kellyanne
well off to talk about this week
first and foremost on
everybody's mind I'm sure is
what happened between Dave and
TJ
last week day was struggling to
find patient teacher helped him
out by put them on the spot
where the Hot Tuna
had just caught three fish so TJ
of course expected Dave
to let him know if the bite was
on again and that's poppin Dave
caught on the spot didn't
exactly tell TJ let's see what
happens any bites up that way
said com
Park are between a rock and a
hard place got a fish on the
deck right now
TJ he put us on a fish but I can
tell when the real because I
know
by told TJ right now everybody's
gonna know am
one our choir
danced on the same place here
pretty quiet remarks
them one like that sign up and
that's it
something else bring I
waste time amazing while
guy
crazy
getting
definitely spectators that not
too much going on up there
though day
very very slow %um
TJ's at a spot right now that
totally dead we got this year
and we can take a manager at and
surpassing I'll
Michael R no I thanks to you by
a day let's start here I mean a
you know I think there's always
two sides to every story and
let's have you give us your side
about what
what happened here why would I
want to tell him well fish or I
wanna catch 3:10 ish
and that's that's my goal I want
to be on top
I gotta be on top is a hard at
all to hear some of those things
said about you
and we can about it would you do
anything differently if you
would do that again
now the same thing to change the
way you do business teacher in
the not not with David in
general sharing information now
never I'm only got so for the
fishery because my relationship
people
and because networking with
people whether be from the Gulf
remain down to
Cape Cod and I don't want to be
lied to so
it's not gonna change my
approach you know a mandate you
know
shame on me if you burn me
that's my problem but I'm not
gonna change who I am
never no way I didn't get the
call I I hope they go up but he
did woody
did to protect himself it's
protected and to gain a lead in
and ultimately I can't really
hate on for that
you know is an thing that
happened course but you know its
competitor fishery we're
competing against each other
and I mean that's how the
console that I he had a great
meal at the group me
anyone of us if we're on the
meat by your mark in
vision is on a boat site weslia
harder than I mean that I could
dream come true for to recovery
tunable
yet so I me i i have to be
honestly I'd like to be in a
position to win that more
I fished when a guy that nobody
liked
but we were up like the hardest
ball around for years
we had so many enemies because
we wouldn't tell our friends
what we will catch in because
people were at the doc
everyone like hated us and call
the sly is
what we use to finally say is
don't ask us no questions and we
won't feel I ask tough questions
I get no I'll write
thats it comes down because when
you tell one person
that person tells their friend
cuz they are obligated to tell a
friend
it when it comes down to it this
is a very Cut Pro I said it from
day down
when this they were worth fifty
cents a pound it was caught
trout
were makin 300 bucks a fresh and
we've been kinda each other's
don't lie to each other back in
the day
we can also big game torn-up
everyone wants the biggest
the most and now they're worth
money like screw you were gonna
family-owned
support myself well all the Hot
Tuna guys
this week got pretty worked up
they ended up confronting Dave
and his crew we'll see what that
looks like air people
will see this could be
interesting
I don't think they've show any
remorse I think he's gonna deny
deny deny
countries think what can I say
to cover my ass
scumbag
we doin that have it yet
parade epic fashion on by that
much
to break your fingers by the
mall could now a bomb
you when I work together you
know I talk to you guys
on the radio I'll call log Here
I am helping the guy
try to put them on the me any
basically just bit my face
I can't trust the guy and all
these people that tried to warn
me
are left behind my back right
now I look like a fool because
nobody name is good but it's not
me.
and the mother lode showed up
this guide
he's wanted to other three years
and people still hating West
Island
I have no idea I heard you guys
on the radio if you just shut
his mouth and fishing be right
we're out here you
home
I'm are we good now you
you really sucks what they did
to us but we can't afford to
dwell on
anomaly where amount we just
gotta get back up visions
and try and salvage just read as
good at it get there
could be DJ Dave seems to think
you're going to get over this
and that you guys can continue
to work together
IMEI you know I wish I was
deftly aggravated the moment did
I miss out on sufficient
yes but hey I take the high road
man I mean he got me
he got me whatever but it is
what it is I i kno
the other day a lotta guys give
Dave a lot the fishery
and they take on the names but
you know what it's because he's
successful
resides i a produces the other
day he catches a fish that's
or twelve thousand dollars I'm
not gonna lie is I don't wanna
but i know if i was thinkin
debut on the first guys there
and and I firmly believe the
house like we were just
absolutely
you have to mid-30s I is there a
long memory with these things
though in a in the fleet
I had to put myself in the in
his position is coming towards
the end
or all fight to get this top
spot and I gotta be honest
its it be a tough call to say I
wouldn't
maybe on the same thing so
competition aside meee
you look there in and clearly
its its you people are listening
radio chatter you can't do what
about a text message what about
a cell phone cell phones no work
can contact a call and we are
sixty miles offshore and perhaps
how impossible
are the only thing they don't
work and I we were sixty miles
offshore
miles away yeah so there's no
any is like variations event
northwestern idk where out you
might reach and I think that's
what people don't necessarily
understand aim is there for you
to communicate
with TJ in that situation the
only way for you to do it
is to do it on the radio to so
%um no way of telling him
anything
without alerting everybody
meaning get on the roof would
10 for oil on your home trying
to smoke signals
smoke signals happy to have a
secret frequently used terms and
now I can talk to larry is
it does go in and out we and
yeah if he does but open
challenges reach me
agreed twenty other boats listen
rally a meme game all
if it was me in your situation I
would have filled the boat
and went in and told them then
but not on the radio
you guys have talked a lot about
how tough it is want every he
shows up in the side
officially in that moment you
know I can understand his train
of thought but
it still sucked but you were all
cut three times I mean
I mean like advice I saw some go
off next to me why these guys
and I was
aggravating the moment but you
know it is what it is you have
to just move forward
and learn from it TJ you mention
having a bulls eye in fact have
a whole arsenal on Dave he's the
guy on top so
you're done for my it's it's
tackle allowed the ball now I me
he's when
and everyone wants to take a
mami everyone knows his family
your Dave always gets hot and
sometimes he just he walks away
so it's it's our job to try you
know get him and take him out
your dad reacted pretty strongly
to the he seemed pretty upset
well why I was going up so yes I
admit I've got you
I freaked out everything happens
for a man when are you you're
hot you're
your upset about but when I
confronted a there on the war
it you really I was someone over
it I just kinda want to call now
and make little bit alive it but
and the other day I don't hate
Dave
let's move past this and get
over to the kellyanne the bad
lock it did unfortunately
continue this week paul your
only hookup was
a shock nice one tale health ins
Wadala
haha
up
the I'll
tool
God love Bianca nope
moron
go
on 'em
thank you
them
photo/mark died while
anything abt all
garage God
Shah seriously we can't help
what bites the line but we
really needed this one to be
until now
we have to get a few more fish
does a real deal letting us out
broadband think it's the real
deal you're all pumped up and
stop
did not the anchor fine fine
fine
comes up in it another shot that
so-called
me it's getting to the end of
the week someone caught a fish
am worried just gotta go catch a
plane crash
are Paul it's been what 42 now
in 20 and sufficient is only
three weeks to the season left
what's the game plan here
between more yet who is not
going to get it done
no right now is one everyone
makes all the money in a couple
weeks and especially its been
like that forever
during the season you just get
by we're way behind
you name will way way behind but
we can stay in the game
and not lose money if we stay
focused
and now with the roomies on
yellow is due in a couple days
you can bam right out
if it if it ends up being as
tough a season as it's been the
entire time for not going to
give up Ikea
I have a daughter I can't give
up we make sure to head down a
North Carolina man has changed
the way you handle the offseason
it depends
on the season it depends on
where I'm at all
in on China get my own Bowl
established you just need a
couple good dates at all it's
all in the all is
couple get i changes and changes
everything that you got a plan
is their place you're gonna go
are you gonna tell everybody
where you're going are you gonna
keep that a secret %uh
you learn anything from this
episode or not may go to let you
know how
you know II going to keep things
on the cover for now
I'm not sorry I you know damn
well I'm not
a not a lot of the information
being shared I think after this
although it's it's very tight
competition between these guys
and I've been struggling all
year but
I my focus is to keep them
together keep the guys on the
boat together so we can
and not lose money on you will
you always come on strong at the
end
oh and I always did cuz I don't
stop who I
steady all the time no matter
how many fish in Lausanne like I
let's go get another one
well nobody will ever question
that no matter how bad things
lock Paul's always got that
attitude
its fishing is supposed to enjoy
it in make money in the same
time I watch a lot of pressures
at the same time
RI guys all they'll do it for
this explosive episode that is
wicked tuna Real Talk for this
week a huge thank you to captain
Dave Herrera fishing vessel
tonight dot com captain TJR Hot
Tuna
and captain Paul you were I love
the Kelly and you can catch all
the Real Talk episodes
by going to Nat Geo TV dot com
slash Real Talk will be back
again next week right after
another all new episode up
wicked tuna
next Sunday at 9 p.m. on
National Geographic Channel
on next week's episode the
fallout from TJ's now strained
relationship with Dave continues
and one boat as a truly amazing
week next week on Real Talk day
will be back again so we'll TJ
along with captain Dave Marciano
part merchandise
you can get all your wicked tuna
pics by liking us on Facebook or
following us on Twitter
to get daily updates see you
next time on wicked tuna
we'll talk